, and
what was preached on Sunday and right now is really exciting for us because we are right in the middle of the book of first Peter and so great conversations about to happen but in order to have a conversation I need people to talk to and talk with and so Taisha, how you doing?
I'm good.
Are you ready for this conversation?
I really am because I have my girl here to find joining the conversation.
Happy to be here.
Yes, always a pleasure.
Thank you.
But you said that you need someone to have a conversation with.
I don't think so.
I think you can have a conversation by yourself.
I can just talk to myself.
Is that a question of my mental acuity?
Is that a...
I don't know.
Brent's got some personality things going on, and he can just have a whole conversation by himself.
Yeah, I don't know.
But that might be true.
That might be true.
I think it's true.
And I'm over here like, I can't see it.
You can't?
No, I can see them just the way he nerd out.
I can very much just sit in silence.
Yeah.
You can have a hoke.
He will be able to talk to the audience.
Like they are like, it's like a whole audience right there.
But it's just the camera.
He's good.
He's a good communicator.
That's what that means.
That was an compliment.
I thought it was another insult.
A backhanded compliment.
OK. OK.
Some light to the matter.
And I think Tiff's probably got it a little bit more accurate.
I could I could very much just sit there in silence.
And silence doesn't bother me.
You know,
I think it bothers me, which is probably why I like laugh or something.
When I was an intern, we did all kinds of fasting things, but they would try and like throw in like random weird fasting.
So we're in the middle of a five day fast, total food fast.
And like on day three, they're like, okay, we're doing a 24 hour silence fast in the middle of this.
Yeah.
And like, like literally the people around me were like pulling their hair out.
Like they were just like, this is torture.
And I'm like,
This is great.
So awesome.
Nobody came and bothered me.
I just sat.
I read my Bible.
I took a nap.
I walked around outside.
It was wonderful.
People walk by and they try and make faces at you to communicate stuff.
That's a long time.
That was beautiful.
Best 24 hours of my life.
Are you going to call for a staff silent day?
There are some retreats out there where you spend the weekend.
Today we're not talking as a staff because we're a magic.
Is that legal?
I love it.
Oh my gosh.
So how have you been enjoying First Peter so far, too?
Um, I, I, it's been good.
Like each chapter has just been, um, I think with Peter, he's just getting right to it.
Very direct, um, and so I, for me, it's been a pretty easy breed because of it being direct and him also explaining himself, um, right after things.
So, um, get into, um, chapter three, I think because
of it being so practical.
That's probably I read it so much so many times.
So yeah, it's been it's been great.
Cool.
What's been a takeaway for you like a biggest takeaway so far?
Okay, so last week, I need a refresher.
First week of Peter was
So we did go ahead.
No, I would love to hear your.
I was just going to go.
I was going to lay out how you presented.
So I did the intro.
Right.
I got to remember what I did Friday.
And then we did chapter one, chapter two, and I went to chapter three.
OK. Well, I'm going to talk about what I've learned.
It's so far.
Chapter three.
OK.
It's the freshest.
So of learning the.
He said four different, um, four different things.
I think it was a four or five five, like the five takeaways five.
So it was a love and honor your spouse sympathize with each other.
Oh, man.
See, I'd see when I'm not the one preaching it.
It is.
Yeah, it is.
To rattle them off top of your head.
No.
And I actually have lots of notes today.
It's always be ready and respond to God of the last two.
What's the middle one?
What's your watch?
It's not a watch.
It was that one.
Maybe it was like subconsciously.
I didn't want to do that one.
So that's the one.
Oh, we got to unpack that.
OK.
There's no problem.
Love and honor your spouse.
And supply show words.
Watch your words.
I have a joke for later.
OK, good.
We got to attack you there.
No.
That's why I want that silence fast.
If you don't say anything, you don't have to worry about what you're saying.
So you said those points.
Yeah, they were they were good.
And I think as we'll explain more, but just how each one of them hit, like I'm not married.
And I know that Peter three is speaking heavily on marriage.
But of course, like with the Bible,
so many things apply just as you treat people.
So yeah, I'm looking forward to diving into all of those things, respect and honor.
Just something that he mentioned in explaining what honor was like in the Greek was, oh my gosh.
It escapes me.
And it was very broad.
like the the definition of uh... of honor right it was this is just specifically like uh... honor the war but it was like in application to how do you honor spouse uh... and so it was like part of it was like uh... active listening listening until she feels she's been heard mm-hmm my wife might have elbowed me at that time but they kind of all the he not he didn't use the word all
But in a way that honors that, so say like if she came into the room in those reminders of how to respect and see her.
I'm so thankful for you.
I'm so blessed, those type of things that would not hinder blessing.
So yeah.
Cool.
So I definitely want to unpack and get your perspective on like, because I feel like first Peter is just very relevant to what we're walking through right now.
in culture in our time, so I definitely want to unpack that.
But before we do that, you are the only pastor on this platform, so you have to give us the summary.
For Pete, give us your version.
Summarizing first P to three.
No, I think PJ, those five actions, that is kind of the breakdown.
So he starts about talking with the relationship between a husband and a wife.
which is a carryover from chapter two.
So chapter two, he's talking about this honor piece, and it's all institutions, all those in authority, slaves to master, and then he starts chapter three within the same way.
And so that's his therefore, not his therefore, but his continuation.
So anyways, so yeah, so you got the honor, your spouse, then there's a piece in there about sympathizing with one another.
that we're in this together, like this isn't like a us versus them.
It's like, hey, we're together in this.
So that's where that sympathy piece comes in.
And then he goes into the power of your words and not to repay evil with evil, not to repay insult with insult, but choose blessings instead.
So we got to watch our words.
Then he has what is my favorite apologetics verse, always be ready.
to give a response for the hope that you have and answer for why you have hope and do so gently and with respect.
Which is sometimes lost in modern debate and modern conversations.
And then it kind of closes with
What is PJ even talked about how it's like one of the most controversial verses?
Not because it's like people don't like it, but controversial in everybody interprets it a little bit differently because it talks about Jesus going and preaching to people long dead.
And so there's a lot of theological like, okay, what did that look like?
When was that?
How did that take place?
And Peter doesn't really give you a whole lot.
He just kind of moves on.
And it leaves you going, wait, what?
What was that?
Which is always funny to me because Peter is the guy that says that Paul is hard to understand.
But yeah.
And then the most debated verse in the Bible is something Peter wrote.
Yeah.
It makes me kind of like, yeah, Peter, Paul's a real hard to understand.
Right.
So are you.
Yeah.
And so yeah, so but it closes with this analogy of Noah and
those were saved by Noah's boat in the flood.
And then he connects that flood water to water baptism and how it's Christ who saves us.
And so the basic point of that is we need to respond to the gospel.
Yeah.
So that's kind of like the really the progression of the chapter is into those five takeaways.
And I like how we say it last week.
We, this is a letter.
So that's something we kind of talked about last week on the episode between sermons is like, this is one big letter that Paul, well, I said again, Peter, not Paul, Peter is writing to the church.
And so now we're just in that part of the letter where he's addressing marriage and husbands and wives and how we should use our words.
And so I definitely want to start at that point because he opens up with addressing husbands.
Um, and so the scripture I wanted to kind of like start conversation with because I do need to know.
Okay.
From both of you guys, what your perspective perspective is, but it says wives in the same way submit yourself to your own husband.
So I have like two questions from this.
Let's do it.
Well, how does it apply?
How is it applicable to single women and how the first thing I did when I leaned over during a sermon yesterday, I was like,
Well, what if all of my bosses are male?
So like how does it supply when there is male leadership over women?
So I don't know how we're going to unpack this first.
Maybe, maybe.
I'll jump in first.
So I think the premise of your second question doesn't, uh, this verse isn't directed.
Okay.
So you having a male boss or, or something like it's not talking about that at all.
Yeah.
More chapter two.
Yeah, so whether I was male or female, you would have to submit.
Yeah, give honor.
It's not fun.
So this is specifically, this is only for a wife to her husband.
Okay.
So this isn't about a workplace or anything like that.
And then the application for a single woman, I think the most direct application is know what you're getting into.
like this is the biblical mandate of husband and wife relationship.
And so if you're going into this marriage saying, well, if he tells me, I got to, yeah, that's not, that's not how we start that relationship.
So there's, there's got to be kind of like a clear understanding of what the dynamics of marriage is.
So you think it's more of like a, an example of how you should go into your marriage.
Do they have to submit, do single women have to submit to anyone?
during this time of, like, should it be their pastor?
Should it be?
So, chapter two, all in authority.
Okay, okay.
So, like, should a single woman submit if there's somebody that's in authority?
Like, yeah, like, that's the biblical mandate.
I mean, that's why he starts with all institutions of authority is basically what he's getting at.
And he goes to give the example of even to the Emperor and the reason for that is everybody at that time knows the Emperor's evil and he and and Peter's basically saying it doesn't matter if they're good or bad because sometimes we want to Like get out of certain things because we're like well that person isn't a good person So I shouldn't have to submit to them right and Peter's like yeah, that doesn't come into play like that's not part of the process and
And so yeah, that's whether you're single or married or anything like there's this structure of submission Okay, I think as a single it's also it can also serve as a really great guide and also for dialogue with a person So I'm getting to learn on what it is I think like one thing the Bible tries to stress and I think culture and sometimes even the church it's like
When these are talking about marriage, it's talking about in Christian marriages.
So for me as a Christian believer, understanding that, and then, okay, well, I need to have dialogue of what submission even say like looks like.
So first starting with my relationship with God.
And then let's talk about what submission looks like in a relationship that's not marriage.
And so I know there are different levels to different things like don't,
Start letting us don't treat yourself as someone's wife, that's not.
But once you start to get into something, say serious, how would a potential husband know that that is a trait that you have?
And so having the mentorship and being a disciple, having open dialogue based off of this guide of what Peter is saying two wives,
into husbands, specifically of that.
So when I look at that, it's always an opportunity for me to know ahead what I need to be doing, also to like identify and work on some areas of submission that may be hard because I'm not married.
So all day, I'm like, you know, it's easy to submit, like to a submitted God, a submitted person who is submitted to God.
but you don't really know until you're in it.
So what as much as can I do and be aware of like based off of these things.
So it's gonna be hard to hear the word submission.
If you have a hard time like with submission in the Bible and for some people like because it's been abused like submission is like a trigger and I'm happy that that's not the case.
For me, but I'm sure in marriage is gonna reveal
uh... it's going to be there and i don't think it really is sad though because that that abuse of authority has created issues yeah it's because of that level of abuse whether it's husband to wife pastored a congregant government to uh... to citizenship like it it really it man when there's this abuse it makes you go
But I don't want to submit to that and I can't submit to that.
And so honestly, I think it's fun.
Carlton and I, we get laughed at sometimes when we talk about how dating is fact finding mission, like you're, you're in data acquisition.
Like that's the whole point of dating.
Because like in that conversation, the guy should be trying to figure out, okay, is this somebody that I can lead?
And the girl should be saying, you know, is this somebody that can follow, right?
And then the Bible does also, like, and so sometimes guys will start to get like a big head like, oh, I'm the one that got to follow.
Bible also talks about mutual submission to one another.
And so like, like if you are the kind of guy that's, that's lording this over her, like you're already kind of disqualifying yourself as somebody worthy of being followed.
But when you do your job well, when you do the fact finding well, when you get that good data,
When you take the time to find the right person, go through those hard conversations, talk through that stuff, I think that it does actually become really easy.
I think if my wife was sitting here, she would attest that this mutual submission, it's easy.
It's not something that's ridiculous or hard because she knows that I have her best interest in mind.
I know she has my best interest in mine.
And so we can submit to each other.
And then when there are those moments where it's like, okay, no, this is the direction that we have to go.
She says, okay, let's do it then.
I trust you.
And when you can trust each other in that submission is not a scary or a bad word.
It's just because of corrupt people and abuse, it's become kind of a naughty word.
Yeah.
But you said a lot of key things.
You said the trust factor.
So what do you, what should women do in marriages where it's like the man has proven to be not trustworthy.
Is it still required?
Like, is it still that same requirement to submit even in those where it's like, I do not trust your leadership.
I don't even trust that you have my best interest at hand.
Like, how does that look for a woman in that position?
It sucks.
Cause she's still got to submit.
That's, that's the piece that sucks.
So the,
The caveat or the out that the Bible does give us is sexual, like if this guy has run out on you, leave.
You don't have to stay submitted to somebody that has abused the marital bed, as the Bible would describe it.
For physical abuse, the Bible does talk about abandonment, and there's no verse that would say,
Let your husband smack you around and stay in the house.
That verse doesn't exist.
And so if you are physically threatened, you need to get out of that.
And then we did talk about the greater authority.
So if listening to your husband isn't going to make you disobedient to God, you don't listen.
You don't submit in that case.
but outside of those three, I guess.
So there's not like financial abuse, emotional abuse.
I mean, all those things exist.
The Bible just doesn't give us like in this case.
So like, so yeah, so we could sit here.
We could rationalize and talk about some of those things.
I mean, the Bible says that if if a man isn't providing for his family, like,
That dude's a deadbeat.
He's a loser.
I forget how Paul expresses it exactly.
But it's pretty harsh.
That dude is straight up vile.
We've got to find that verse.
See how Paul says it exactly.
But yeah.
So yeah, I mean, there's definitely room for that conversation.
It's just it's not as like clear cut.
What the Bible leaves clear cut is you submit.
It's tough.
I have a cultural question because I'm wondering so you have
Yeah.
Um, so you have, you know, yes, God's, um, the word is, um, a perfect and he has inspired people to write and share his word and you also have some things that are cultural.
So I just even wonder like financial wouldn't even be.
Yeah.
It's not something that they would have been writing.
Absolutely.
It's not providing or even has the money or like,
And there were some things considered at times.
Right.
Sorry to cutting you off.
Like, there were some exceptions to that at the time, but very, very rare.
But like, it was mostly women that were financially supporting Jesus' ministry.
Even Paul talks about several women who are supporting him financially.
Now, whether or not those women had, you know, careers and jobs and all that, or if they were widows who husband left them something, the Bible doesn't tell us.
It just says, like,
these women were supporting the ministry.
And so there is a little bit of that financial independence in the Bible, but it is really rare and culturally at the time.
Like it was men worked, women stayed at home.
That was just the cultural.
So we wouldn't expect the Bible to go into a lot of detail of.
Because emotionally abused, please.
That's not going to be addressed in the Bible.
And so like, yeah, so there's some things that because of the culture of the time and the change in culture now, the Bible's just not addressing it specifically.
So we have to look at greater principles.
It made me think about when we when I first got married to David, he told me I couldn't buy Starbucks.
like every day when I went to work and I was like, what?
Like, I make money.
Like, I survive miles.
He was like, no, like, we have a budget and you can't go get Starbucks every day.
And I'm like,
Okay, and that's what I knew like I was Cracking open that submission thing for me because I have been independent for solo If you got a tight budget and whoever's and we're gonna remove the male and female thing It's just it's usually it's whoever is managing the budget and whoever's spending the money.
It's usually two different people But like so if the person managing the budget is like, okay
We've got to be really tight or we're not paying the election bill this, this month.
And then the other person is going to Starbucks.
Yeah.
Every day.
It's like, okay, your Starbucks habit is going to make us lose electricity in our home.
Yeah.
You got to stop it.
I mean, over time, I got better.
I submit, well, now it's funny now because I'll be out with my friends and they'll be like, oh, let's go shopping or I'll text.
They'll be like, what's my budget?
out of submission and honor and respect to him.
Or even be like, my I'll be out with a friend.
I'll be like, can you go here?
And I'm like, well, let me let David know.
That's like, why is he a man?
And I'm like, no, I respect him.
And we do have mutual respect there.
If he was out.
I'm sure he will tell you this.
Right.
So but it's like in 2025, it's like, no ma'am.
I'm not asking no man for anything, so.
Seoul asked me what the budget is for different things all the time, but it's mainly just because she has no
no understanding or comprehension of finances, just in general.
I love my wife so much, but there have been many times in our marriage where she just even were first married.
So she's from Mexico, so immigrated here when we got married.
And so she would literally just hand me coins and stuff, and she's like, how much are these?
So even just the comprehension of what
denominations are.
Right.
It was just way over her head at the time.
Oh, she is a cat woman.
No, I've tried to teach her a few things, but if I get hit by a bus, somebody needs to come in and help that woman because she's gonna have a hard time over real hard time.
But even the setup of communication of, okay, this is based where you are financially.
Hey, this is our fun money.
So that kind of thing of like, you know, like, this is my fun money, you know, that kind of thing and do like whatever you want with that.
And then we have our like, let's talk about, you know, this kind of purchase and those kind of things that I just hear all the different kinds of dynamics financially of some, Hey, this is a card.
That's a debit and like spin this.
And someone else could be like, what do you mean an allowance?
Yeah.
For the, for the month, you know, but most of those people, you know, are having a lot of money.
So like if it was 10,000, you'd be like, Oh my goodness.
But you know, those kinds of things, but yeah.
And I know we, we are making light of it, but I do know people, I know women that I'm very close to where,
I'm just like, I want to tell them like, I don't know, like, maybe you should leave or maybe you shouldn't submit, you know, it because it's just tough, like they're marriage is tough.
And you know, like the things, the situations that they're being put in because of their spouse, it's just heart is heavy.
And so submitting, I applaud women who do that, but I don't know, like, I'm just so like,
I'm out.
And that's why I feel like I was thinking about this this morning.
If more people had counseling and did separation, I think like if people I feel like most Christians when they have a really tough time in their marriage, they don't do separation because they're afraid of of things and in
and that's a biblical thing that you do to bring you back together.
So even if financially, hey, you keep putting us where we don't have food or now we can't pay for the kids, whatever it is, kind of like you're not taking God's word seriously and you're only compartmentalizing what is important and this is bringing devastation to our home.
So we're gonna need to get some counseling and if this doesn't change, we're gonna have to do some
separation and let come back.
I just think most people don't use that principle.
I agree 100% and probably back to your question earlier about other forms of abuse.
If you are suspecting that you're in an abusive relationship, whatever that looks like, yes, you need to get to a safe space and you need to get help.
Counseling is there to help you guys process through this.
Sadly, I've had to walk people through even spiritual abuse, where it's like, now the husband is like, well, I know God better than you do.
And so he told me that I needed to do this financial thing.
And you're like, but I've been managed the budget and that thing doesn't make any sense.
And well, you just don't have the relationship with God that I have.
And all of a sudden, he's manipulating this person spiritually.
And it's like, that's not okay.
And so if you are suspecting that there's
Any form of use of abuse if it's emotional spiritual if it's financial It's obviously if it's physical or sexual like but even those nuanced areas where the Bible isn't super direct on it That doesn't mean that we can't get counseling or enact a separation I think that the biblical mandate would be yeah separate Don't divorce like God the Bible literally says God hates divorce.
I know yeah, so we don't want to go straight there but separation with the heart of
Hey, let's get some work done so we can come back together.
That's good.
But you can avoid all of that if you marry somebody that you know really well.
If you've done your data finding.
That's true.
Are you going to write a book on that data finding dating edition?
No, I'm not.
I'm not a dating.
I think you guys hate you.
I don't think I'm writing any books, but probably that would be the last one.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I felt like Pastor Jerry could write a book on a husband's because yesterday he was digging ants in the husband.
I was like, woo.
But I mean, go for it.
I'm here for it.
Yeah, that's always my go to like anytime I'm talking with somebody like, man, the role of the woman seems so much harder than the role of the man that the woman's supposed to submit to the husband.
It's like, okay, but there's other verses where the husband's all supposed to submit to the wife.
So this kind of feels like almost even maybe like 51, 49%.
But that doesn't seem so bad, but our job is to die.
Yeah.
I feel like that's the harder task.
I don't know.
Maybe that's just me.
I am the guy in the room.
So obviously I'm biased, but I feel like dying.
That's a little bit harder.
That's a little more intense.
Lay down your life for her the way Christ laid down his life.
But I think that, well, of course I could be natural but spiritually as well.
Yeah, 100%.
It's a spiritual, it's a figurative.
I mean, there are men who have laid down their actual life for their wife and that's commendable, but it's every single
husband should be saying, my life is not as important as your life.
And so your dreams, your vision, what you want, what you desire, like my life is here to help make those things happen.
And so I'm gonna, I want pizza tonight, you want Chinese, guess what we're gonna do?
We're gonna have some Chinese, right?
And the biblical mandate of like submit to your husband, like,
a husband that's an error would be like but I'm the man and I said I wanted pizza so we have a pizza right well you just missed the whole lay down your life part of it right but he didn't let women off the line because he said you should out serve one another so that competition right so it's just like you want pizza let's get pizza no but you want Chinese knowledge so you spend 20 minutes
arguing over pizza or Chinese and someone has to.
And then you pull out the fast food dice.
Right.
That sounds pretty simple.
Are you excited?
Are you looking forward to marriage with all that Pastor Jerry talked about yesterday with husbands like you like?
Yeah.
I think I've read the word like I have people in my life.
some really great healthy marriages, been able to also like learn from other marriages as well.
And then, hey, watch out for this.
I've been there.
I am there, you know, those type of things.
So there aren't a lot of things, honestly, that scare me because I know, man, that's something that you're saying mentors and I used to be pastors here, John and Rachel.
They would talk about like,
I know people talk about arguments.
We're like, we are not exaggerating.
We do not have a lot of arguments because of that submission to God.
So even if not understanding some things, you know, you're acting out.
So I'm going to go to the Lord about this because he, but so those kinds of things that like when you have that constant thing of submission, they're like, you would just be surprised.
Like you may disagree, but arguing they're just like, so it's on that part, like,
Let me do the work now as much as I can.
I still feel like I'm just still going to be like you.
Yeah.
But there's nothing that no one has ever went through that I know that has made me.
Oh, no, I don't want to be married.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
The best marriage verse in the Bible is don't be unequally yoked.
You do that part right?
It's a lot easier.
So much easier.
Yeah.
Yeah, I always say I tell a lot of the girls that I mentor like it's easy to follow a man that like loves and follow Christ like it's easy for me to submit today because I know.
He don't want to disappoint God.
And so it's not even about me sometimes.
I know like he's living his life to the best because he don't want to disappoint God.
So that keeps me, that gives me a level of trust and assurance because it's like, okay, it's really not about me.
Cause if he was infatuated with me, that can change any day.
It's about how he, his relationship with Christ is.
And so I think that's a, going there.
Yeah.
And which brings me to the, the verse I wanted to highlight.
about men's prayers not being answered.
Cause I'm like, whoa.
Yeah, that was God's going to ignore you.
He was not treating your wife, right?
Why am I going to talk to you?
That seems like it was heavy.
That seems like prayers will be hindered.
They will not be answered.
So I'm like, how do I, if I, it's, I'm not in this situation, but I'm thinking about that woman who heard that guy.
So you're like, he been praying about that job, but I know why God.
prayers.
If that's her attitude, there's a sin going on in her life too.
So it's not a he's all bad.
I'm all good.
That reaction would have been like, let's get you guys into counseling.
And it makes it like, I need you to get in line because this affects me too.
Yeah, that's true.
So these prayers are being hindered because you are honoring God and you're not honoring me.
So
How would you encourage a woman if you were counseling a couple where you saw that?
How would you encourage a woman to encourage her husband in a space like that without coming down on him?
Man, I have no idea.
That's why I'm not a marriage counselor.
I would probably send them to Kiana and you're like, Kiana, they need a lot of help.
I think in reality, I would need to spend a lot of time with the guy.
Yeah.
the challenge, and this is where I love how the Bible is written.
What it tells the husband to do is only talking to the husband, like, you need to do this.
It's never saying wives, you need to get your husband to do this.
And vice versa, when it's telling, when it's giving instruction for how wives are supposed to treat their husband, there's no verse that says, and husbands, you better hold her accountable, and if she doesn't do it, you gotta
set her straight.
No, it's literally, I'm only responsible for my job.
And I'm responsible for my job, if or if not, my wife is doing her job.
Like it doesn't really.
come into play.
And so I would probably actually want to spend more time with the guy.
Right.
To get him to understand, male to male, guy to guy, then try and give the wife tactics and tips on how you can manipulate your husband into following the Bible.
Okay.
Yeah, no, that's good.
That might have been a cheap out from answering your question, but that's the legitimate.
Like, I don't know that I would have good advice for the wife, but I definitely want to take the husband aside.
Okay, I love that approach discipleship.
I think that's applicable in all spaces, right?
Yeah, even for women, like finding another one very on brand for a brand.
I love our mission is so clear.
So yeah, no, that's good.
There was a part in verse four that I struggled with.
I'm not going to lie.
Where it says, whether it should be that your inner self
It's talking about the beauty.
We're moving into the modesty and the beauty part of the sermon.
The beauty of gentle and quiet spirit.
Gentle and quiet spirit, which is of great worth in God's sight.
Okay, so I remember having this conversation with David and I was just like, I don't know.
Of course, I know how to be gentle and quiet, but my personality is just, yeah.
So, should I become more like, hmm, hi guys.
How you doing?
So what does that look like for a woman who's just like got a lot of personality?
Maybe, I don't think I'm loud, but maybe I don't know, subjective.
But you said I'm loud.
Everybody, did you say I'm loud?
Confession time.
I would drink some water right now if I didn't.
I'm dramatic.
You're not loud.
I'm not, I'm dramatic.
I'm dramatic.
I wouldn't say loud.
But what does that look like for a person with a personality like mine for a second?
Yeah, I think big personalities.
You can still have your big personality.
That's fine.
I think the gentle and quiet spirit is in how you relate to your husband, how you relate even to others, how you interact with the world.
Like if if it becomes this
I'm gonna be loud to draw attention.
I'm gonna be loud to get my own way.
I'm gonna be loud so I can shut other people up.
Like that's not healthy.
That's not appropriate.
That's not okay.
That's where you would need to have that gentle and quiet spirit.
But it's not saying that you have to alter your personality.
It's just how are you using that personality?
If you're the life of the party, cool.
That's awesome.
But if it becomes
prideful or it becomes like the I'm going to elevate myself.
Like now you're contradicting other verses in the Bible about not doing those things.
And so yeah, I don't think that you have to not be you.
You just have to be cautious of motivation and what this ends up portraying or what this looks like.
Yeah, I think it's
I just think in, not just leaving me, I just think about a lot of women influencers, like the new wave of women that we have, very vocal, very, you know, and so.
And that's why, so, and their husbands too, like be yourself, you know what I mean?
You have a big personality, you are opinionated, like I love that about you and you have that and that's there.
And I think there's something that
I'm learning.
I think we underestimate the essence of who we are as women, that what that gentle spirit God said, it's all intentional.
So being gentle of what type of atmosphere that you create, that doesn't mean talking like this or not being heard, but your gentle spirit probably gives you an authority as the woman that God gave you to be able to shift your home
or your relationship with your spouse, those type of things and having the patience and control of like, I'm gonna be quiet.
This is really, really hard.
This time, I'm gonna let you have it.
I may not always win in this, I'm gonna let you have it.
But just like the, I'm interested to see the more like if we see kind of like these beautiful things that God put in us, it's not a weakness,
or that he's saying like women, shut up, which has been abused of those type of things, but like there's power in your gentleness that you can be a CEO, you can, whomever, you know, and still have that gentle and quiet spirit.
No, that's good.
You should ask that question to the soul.
So my wife has a much bigger personality than me, but I would also at the same time describe her as having a gentle and quiet spirit.
But she's also, like, she walks in the room and she's lying in the party and she's boisterous and she's loud and I'm always like, okay, babe, calm down.
Yeah.
Like, I'm right, babe, bring it up.
Like, her energy level is usually pretty high.
But I think that there's also, she has these moments where, like, somebody's hurting and her ability to just connect with them immediately and care for them.
Like, that gentle, quiet spirit is absolutely fully on display in those moments.
And so, yeah.
Yeah.
Talk with her.
Figure out what her secrets are.
Yeah, no.
I mean, I feel like, I mean, as you express, like, or went deeper in the definition, I definitely think I can have that gentle, like, I feel like it's wisdom, like, wisdom, like it went to speak, went to answer.
I definitely feel like that.
But I was caught up on the gentle.
Yeah.
No, the personality.
No, David has walked in our office and I've said before,
Like your countenance, chain, like when her husband's in the room, she gets gentle.
You know what I mean?
So I know that, you know, that was just- He has a calming effect on you.
He does.
Yeah.
But yeah, I like the wisdom piece.
It's like, you know, you wouldn't walk into a funeral being like, hey, everybody!
How's it going?
Look at me.
Like, you recognize like time and place and how this is going to be perceived.
Yeah.
So, okay.
I'm good.
I'm okay.
You're right.
You are absolutely loud though.
Come on girl.
I'm loud.
How could you possibly sit here right now?
We're gonna have a top dance.
Tisha loud.
Four out of four.
Four out of four in the room.
You just elevate your voice like and you get.
It's not me.
It is not like obnoxious.
Yeah, I was gonna say not obnoxious.
How is this?
You see?
You know that you're here.
Has this become an intervention?
But I understand it because of what it could be associated with.
Yeah.
Carlton said one day to me that like, I'm loud, either I'm like talking too low, or I'm talking too loud.
And it's like, I could hear you down the hallway.
I'm like, what are you trying to say?
I'm like, am I aggressive?
Yeah, I'm not aggressive.
Yeah, there's different categories.
Let's move on to watch your words.
Everybody.
We're going to skip over sympathize with with one another.
No.
We don't want any sympathy.
OK. She's like, you lost my sympathy when you said I was loud.
I'll take it.
You know, I am.
So watch your words.
Watch your words.
As the brother, here's my joke.
Will Smith, the clean version, keep my wife's name out of your mouth.
those kind of things of like watching your words.
I thought she was saying that about Brett.
I was like, Brett said that.
Like keep my wife's hands.
It's become this like iconic thing that people say, you know.
Yeah.
Keep my name.
Keep my wife's name out your mouth.
Out of your mouth.
What?
Nothing.
You've missed it culturally.
I did it.
I got it.
Okay.
She's just practicing that gentle and quiet spirit.
Maybe it just wasn't funny.
No, you were funny.
Okay.
Well, thank you all for joining us for this episode between sermons.
I don't know what happened.
I know it's maybe a little too.
I'm about to get on a plane in the Philippines.
I don't know what's going on.
No, no, no.
I didn't miss it.
I kind of missed it, but that's because I was trying to think of like prepare my answer, but it wasn't because that wasn't funny.
That was good.
Someone will come up to you guys call me cheesy.
No, so we just have a joke in our office that we didn't really enter further cheesy, but I get it.
It just takes me a while.
I'm gonna laugh at it tonight.
All right, so we're gonna watch our words.
So that Will Smith doesn't slap us.
Yes.
So that's why I was trying to make.
Okay.
Anyway, so let me read the scripture that will set us all right.
The eyes of the Lord watch over those who do right and his ears are open to their prayers, but the Lord turns his face against those who do evil.
So this passage to me is, I really like it because I don't want to say I really like it.
God is sovereign and he knows all things.
So are we saying like there are evil people in the world who just do evil and they are evil doers?
So we're saying this.
So I guess I'm trying to get to the point.
Just for clarity, from God's perspective, that would be 100% of the human population.
Yeah, that's all of us.
That's all of us.
Because the danger sometimes is
who's defining evil.
If we get to define evil, then it's like Hitler and then like maybe a handful of other people, that's evil.
Me cheating on my wife.
That wasn't evil.
That was like a mistake that I made or, you know, me stealing something.
That's not really evil because nobody really got hurt.
Like it's just.
So if we get to define evil, we set the boundaries a little bit looser when God determines evil.
It's anything outside of his goodness.
his perfection.
Which is kind of like answer the question that I was kind of trying to pose.
The point I was trying to make is like, man, can we just intentionally point out evil, evil doors?
And can we kind of like exclude us?
Because evil is such a heavy word.
Like, yeah, we said, but evil, like that's another level.
So do you think he's talking about sin in general?
Or is it like that evil word, whereas like people are planning and plotting to do wrong to people?
Yeah, it's interesting.
I would probably have to do a deeper dive study into this.
This is the downside of, I didn't preach chapter three, so I haven't gone as deep in all of it as I have in some of the others.
Yeah, I do think that there probably are categorical differences between the general evil of the world that I just described and somebody who's like going out of their way to do those things.
So like the believer who's
committing a sin versus the unbeliever that's attempting to murder.
There's different levels of that, I guess.
I think that what he's really getting at here is probably more of those who are trying to be in Christ doing what Christ wants versus those who are outside.
That's the distinction I would probably give it, but again, I need to do a deeper study.
I do like how Pastor Jerry was like, you know, talked about like not repaying evil for evil and things of that nature.
Have you ever been in this situation where he was like, God, keep me here because I want to repay this person for what they've done to me and how did you kind of navigate that space with some like application you can give?
I think that something simple that we do as a culture that we aren't even thinking about as much is social media.
So it's really easy like to, if someone says something, to then post something or say something in response, you know, to it or say be petty.
So if someone posted something, now I get to, or that, ooh, and that's one of the harder ones, like I could easily respond to this because it's so,
not true or false representation or whatever the thing is of like, you can add to that of like, okay, backspace, back, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And that's where I see it happens, say like more in my life of those little things of like, I could really say respond to this than like having these big situations where like, Lord, you're going to have to keep me, I feel like the, well,
this constant thing of letting the Lord, He will vindicate.
Even if there's nothing that you're gonna be able to say or even explain for someone else, because it's not your place to say explain.
But I just feel like it's so easy on our fingers to just give a little petty clap back or say something subliminal or kind of like passive.
Yeah.
No, I've been seeing that a light just given the climate of what's going on.
I've had a lot of conversations with friends.
And I'm like, girl, you need to guard your heart.
Because what you're seeing on social media or how you feel like someone should have addressed this or did this.
It's all distractions.
And it's pulling you away from what's really important.
And so I feel like it's a matter of guarding your heart at all times in whatever situation
you know, or if you feel like someone did you wrong or there was a fence there, I would pause and be like, okay, you know, what's the bigger issue here?
Pray.
Yes.
And if you need to respond, because sometimes there is situations where you need to respond to something, but I think you should also let that be led by prayer.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's been times when I wanted to bring correction.
But the way I was phrasing the correction wasn't really correcting anything.
It was just making it worse.
Yeah, it was just a clap back.
It was just it was just a professional like yeah, so like so it's definitely one of those were honestly for me a lot of the time if if I'm not in a place
that I can bring proper correction and it is just gonna be a gotcha moment or a ha ha what an idiot you can't I can't believe you thought that or said that here let me prove you wrong yeah like if if I'm leaning towards that and I can't just bring correction without emotion or anything I just close out the app if it's if it's a social media thing like it just close it out or I'll walk away from the conversation um
We got an email.
The church did last week.
He forwarded on to me from somebody and is like, man, I could have responded to all kinds of fun things in that.
And in the back of my head, I started processing through, OK, how can I tear out this?
And how can I correct them on that?
And it was just like, you know what?
The emotion that the person had writing this, they weren't in a space where they were going to hear any kind of explanation or defense.
And so it was one of those where it's like, yep,
We receive the email that doesn't mean that we need to respond to it.
Yeah.
And so there's a lot of times when really we have to choose whether to get involved or to stay out.
And so for me, that rule is I get involved when I can do it without it becoming pride or arrogance or a cutting remark.
If I can say it without trying to make them feel worse or belittle them, then I'll say it.
If I can't or if it's questionable, then I won't.
And I'm praying that, you know, maybe God's gonna, in a couple of days, God will calm me down and I'll be able to respond to them in that moment.
And I will.
Or man, maybe they just need somebody else to come alongside and bring the correction that they need.
And that's good.
And I think it goes into that sympathy, like sympathizing with one another because the verse that was used is do not repay evil for evil or insult with insult on a contrary, repay evil with blessings because to do this recall.
we're called to that we may inherit blessings.
So watching your words and using sympathy is like it goes hand in hand.
And what Peter basically says right there is you're actually, you're called to be a blessing to people.
Like that's your job in their life is to bless them.
And so don't ruin your calling by cursing them instead of blessing them.
Yeah.
You use a lot of wisdom.
I promise you, you impasse yourself.
I'd be watching a way out do things.
So the moment you slip up, no, just play it.
But now it is.
I opt out of a lot of conversations.
Yeah.
And you could call that cowardice.
And maybe it is.
I just know that I'm not in a emotionally or spiritually mature enough place to have some conversations.
Yeah.
So I opt out.
I think it's just safety.
Yeah.
Because the and the reason why, and I think we've talked about this on the show before, like,
My childhood, I was the guy that I could win any fight with my words.
I was a small guy, I was a tiny guy until I joined football team and bulked up a little bit.
I was never going to win a physical altercation up until that moment.
But it didn't matter.
You want to bully me with your fists?
Man, I will make you cry and pee your pants based on the things that I say to you right now.
Like I learned how to manipulate and use words in order to do damage.
And that was my default setting.
It was if I started to get intimidated, if somebody started to make me feel less than, I'd immediately go into a cutting remark.
And I watched myself or I've looked back and I've seen how I did that junior high, high school, like all those years.
And so now as an adult, I'm like, man, it'd be so easy for me to just slip right back into that.
Like, you know that shower dialogue you have?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
My shower dialogue.
Like, I have to put a word for music because that shower dialogue, man.
I told you we could have a conversation with yourself.
And it's meekness and self-control because people who have no idea the type of clap back that you could just rip from, you know what I mean?
And it's going to sound intelligent.
No cuss words.
But that type of like, but what's the benefit?
Yeah.
Is it helping or hurting?
Right.
And then I'm going to be convicted after it.
Great.
Now the Holy Spirit is convicted me.
I've stepped outside of like my character.
Now I got to apologize to something you did to me.
So that's very true.
I do not like what happened.
But I feel like I feel like that's been what I've said.
I know what I know.
That's the Holy Spirit.
Yes.
do not like I know that's one of the things I worked through this year I think it's been a learning thing it's like I don't have to I don't have to learn not I don't have to respond to this because my response is not gonna be good yeah so because then you have to apologize later anything be your fault it's just no one got you route up and now you there you should have responded in the first place and I blame social media for where we are with a lot of these things because there's some
some thoughts that people had in their head that Annifer articulated.
But now that they got a phone in their hand, they're articulating all kinds of thoughts.
And you're like, well, that's just a dumb thought.
Yeah.
But yeah, we used to keep those things private.
Now we publicize them.
We need so much fun.
Community needs to step in.
I think it's time for a community to step in and be like, says, I think you should remove that ball.
Yes, delete it.
We need to start doing some policing so that we can get more.
Have fun with that, I'm just gonna stay out.
I know.
I don't trust myself to do it the right way.
You know, okay.
So as we, you know, started concluding this conversation, I like the, that he ended this part of the letter with, um, always be ready.
And then our response to God.
So what, uh, the question I have for always be ready is what makes it hard for us to talk about our faith, um, with gentleness and respect, like given, I would say,
now in this climate, what's going on in 2025, what makes it hard for us to talk about and defend our faith because everybody's kind of got their own perspective of what God is saying.
And for me, it makes me quiet a little bit because I'm like, I don't want to be a part of the noise.
You know what I mean?
And everyone, like I think I said this before, everyone's kind of idolizing their opinion.
right now.
And so it's not that I don't know, scripture is not that I don't want to, you know, defend my faith.
But in this time, I just feel like, I'm just going to just stay out of it.
Like, you see, my everybody got they things that they're saying, I'm just going to stay out of it.
So how should we, how should we do that in 2025, I guess, or now in this climate?
Not you looking at it.
I feel like I kept answering first and I don't want to be that guy.
So
Um, how to, I think that so one, you have canceled culture and you have the broad one, but you also have within relationships that is become so micro that even say in that cancel of like, but this is what I believe like the scripture says, um, so that fear of cancellation from community, those type of things, um, that
can cause us to be quiet.
I think also the challenge also is basically you don't always know that you're correct.
So if you have friends that are, some of my friends that are not believers say anymore, they're well versed in just life and statistics and those different things and it can cause you to pause because you don't know what's an eloquent way to say defend
the faith type of thing and then become more quiet until you have to.
So I feel like now with everything's happening in culture, I am having to trust one that there is a strong foundation in conversations that like, I'm actually going to have to speak up say like about this war.
I'm saying, well, if you want to read the Bible about it, even if we read it together, because I know there's things that may be triggered
I don't want to read the Bible.
Well, I don't really know what else to tell you about God if you are not interested in the Bible.
So now I have to think through, well, okay, let me make sure that my life is lining up to the word.
But I think, yeah, I think that we're just probably more afraid of being canceled.
And if we were say to look like outside of ourselves within a church, like people just more people will want to know.
about the good news than we think, but that first step of just not doing it.
Like if we did it more, we would be excited about the fruit and the outcome that happens from it, but that first step, I guess, I think it's kind of decreasing.
So I'm talking to a bunch of Christians all the time.
So yeah.
Yeah, I mentioned earlier that's one of my favorite verses.
It is the apologetics verse.
Always be ready, but do so respectfully.
I think that there's kind of two aspects to that.
So the do it respectfully part.
I think it's challenging for us today because of our passion.
Everybody's passionate, right?
And so you're passionate about your truth.
They're passionate about what they believe is true.
And so now when you're bringing these ideas like that, that becomes a
I don't know, a powder keg, right, of emotion and all that.
And so we do have to like breathe, calm down a little bit.
Like if we're going to do these things respectfully, we do have to have the passion to do it.
I'm not saying we'd get rid of passion, but we just have to keep passion and check in those conversations.
Like I even noticed myself, like if I'm talking about something I'm really passionate about, my voice gets louder, I get more expressive, I get a little more in your face and it like,
Okay, calm down, breathe, relax.
Okay, yes, you're passionate about this thing.
And we should be passionate as Christians.
What we have is life and death.
And if we have the answer to eternal life, like, man, why won't we share that?
We should be passionate about this.
And so then the other aspect of it that you didn't really ask about, but I don't want to throw it in there anyways, they always be ready.
I think there's too many Christians that have just accepted
what they have been told and they don't know any of the arguments, why we believe what we believe.
They just say, well, this is what we believe as Christians and I'm a Christian.
So this is what I believe.
And that doesn't cut it anymore.
It probably cut it for a long time.
But now with the internet, now with all the like, man, TikTok theology is terrifying.
Like the number of things I've scrolled by and heard somebody just
like completely tearing apart the Bible with all this data and facts and stuff.
But I know where the data and facts that they're pulling out came from.
And like, I know that they're misrepresenting it.
I know because I've studied, right?
And so like, I can watch this video and be like, that guy's an idiot.
But I go in the comments and a bunch of people were like, exactly.
Yeah.
And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Like,
That study he just quoted, like, that's not even what that study should, like, here, pull up the actual original.
It doesn't even say what he just said it says, right?
And so, like, it's easy when you have the information, when you know the stuff, but we're in a place now where unless you educate yourself, unless you actually hear something from somebody and go, okay, is there truth to that?
Or are they manipulating it?
And this goes for, across the board, and I've said this from our stage before, like, just because I say it,
doesn't mean you should believe it right like look into it like read this for yourself that's the greatest thing in the world is the fact that you have the bible in your hands and you can read it uh... and because of technology you can actually research and look into these arguments and and i mean you start small what what's the biggest question you have about christian what's the hardest thing for you to accept uh... for a lot of people's gonna be the problem of evil for others gonna be uh... creation and origin and there's all kinds of science that is
like is this at odds with what the Bible says how the world began?
Whatever your question is, start there.
Get answers.
Find out what people are saying.
And I think that with YouTube, with AI, with the internet in general, like the answers are there.
So there's no excuse for Christians to not be ready.
And so I think that's where
like I get passionate about apologetics because I think it's necessary for every believer to know why they believe what they believe so that when somebody says, yeah, but that didn't even happen that way, you can say, well, actually, let me pull up some resources that actually prove that it is.
When somebody says, yeah, but the Bible's been changed, you can say, well, actually, we have this manuscript evidence that we can actually trust the authenticity of scripture
to this day because we can actually go back to second, third, fourth century documents that it's the same as it is today.
When somebody tries to pull the whole, you know, but the Bible's been translated and then translated translation has been translated and it's this game of telephone and I have that conversation all the time.
It's like by the time you get to the English, it's already been translated through German and through Latin and through Greek and through and it's like
You don't even understand how translation works.
Nobody's doing that.
There is no English translation of the Bible that's based off of the German translation of the Bible.
It doesn't exist.
You know why?
Because we have the Greek.
So you go from Greek to English.
That's the translation step.
So this whole telephone game thing, a comedian first presented that as a gotcha moment.
It was literally a comedian as a joke.
And now it's become like an atheist.
Manifesto like this is yeah, it's the game of telephone.
That was a joke like it's still a joke today because that's not how translation works Yeah, but there's Christians out there and there's former Christians out there that heard that argument from somebody and was like, oh man, you're right.
We can't trust the Bible So always be ready you got to study the staff research listen here study I mean so that's really what that always be ready piece really means like I
study the word of God for yourself and that's I even feel like once you study and I feel like you could confidently have these conversations it's not a you have the passion but it's not an arrogance in it because it's like I've studied yeah
I really want you to understand this passage and what it really means.
And you still have to be so careful with it.
Because that's my issue.
So now when I hear somebody make that argument, I have to catch myself from rolling my eyes.
Because I know it's a bad argument.
But they don't know it's a bad argument.
And they fully are convinced of it.
How can I lovingly and gracefully
carefully, say, hey, that's an interesting argument you bring up.
Why don't we look into the validity of that?
Yeah.
One thing I think would be cool.
I was having this flashback when I was younger in the first church that I went to.
There was kind of like active on the ground kind of outreach.
And I'm like, if that is probably maybe a lost art of on the ground kinds of things, like it's scary.
And but we're not liking to say groups and get into practice.
Maybe that like there are some groups of like we're going to actively practice that type of space of evangelism to know how like what opportunities are you getting to kind of do that.
And that would help maybe some of the jitters like we're less social as a society like those kinds of so many boundaries or barriers in your head of like how to even
Get there.
Yeah, but just some like let's do some practices and exercises.
Let's go in the city, you know, because people don't walk around in the suburbs.
So as much as you love this suburb, we do with our dogs.
Are you evangelizing to your dog?
We do.
But those type of practices of of things that help.
Yeah.
Because I'd be nervous, but then there was an opportunity, like, oh, I get to pray for someone.
I wasn't expecting that.
Then conversation, then someone wants to give their life to the Lord.
Yeah.
I think that is a healthy way to practice, you know, that, but unfortunately we are living in a digital age where people stay behind the computer screens and they...
they stand on 10 toes that comes to their wrongness.
So you're like, oh my gosh.
And that's why I say it out.
I'm like, I'm not getting into this because they want to be right.
What's the phrase confidently wrong?
Right.
You are confidently wrong.
And I don't have the energy to go back and forth here.
I don't feel the conviction.
God is not leading me to do it.
But if you are a believer and you are feeling like God is telling you to speak out, I think staying ready.
hearing like reading the scripture really understanding what it means is a good place to start.
So let's go ahead and land this plane.
So what we like to do, and you've been out here before, we like to give our takeaways of what this message, what something we can leave with people as they walk away from this conversation.
We could start with Pastor Brian if you need to think about it.
Cause he always, right?
Cause it's, you know, he says.
My, my, my takeaway this time, and it is a spouse one.
Um, and it's funny because I've, I've heard my dad do it before.
I probably even heard, uh, Gary Smalley talk about this before, but it's one of those things I've heard my dad say so many times that now I don't know if I just always heard it from dad or from, from Smalley first.
Uh, but the whole strata various, the whole piece, like, uh,
That's one of those things where I want to appreciate my wife in a greater way.
And I honor her.
That's what it was.
And I want to make sure that I'm doing that, not just in those big moments of, I love you, thank you for doing this kind of moments, but just every day she walks in the room.
What's my response to her walking in the room?
And so that was my conviction on Sunday.
I need to do more for her.
right as I leave her for 10 days to fly the Philippines.
10 days to get it together.
Hopefully I still remember in 10 days.
Come back.
I'm going to come back.
That's my sister.
I remind you.
Schedule a text right now.
Stretavaries.
I don't know how to spell Stretavaries.
How do you spell it?
Vocal production team, since you're so vocal about me now.
Just wait.
Stretavaries.
I think it take away from this chapter for me and because like it is targeted say to spouses like anytime there are passages in the Bible of sharing what husband or wife or different roles or those kind of things it really I do walk away of okay how do I prepare myself more and I'm how to be like looking out like it those things even that
It could be from like this fantasy land, but I really do look forward to the awareness of just how imperfect I am.
You know what I mean?
If that, and again, I'm not married and you be like, girl, what you're saying is actually really like Disney, but it's just such a great example of the church.
And so when I read these different things that take away from me is,
I'm able to take that.
I think open dialogue with the word helps so much and how to pre-plan and have those conversations say ahead.
Yeah, that's my takeaway.
Yeah, no, that's good.
I kind of lends to what I'm just getting in general from first Peter.
And the takeaway is like we do all of these things because we have crisis and example first.
And so I feel like even Peter's heart
writing these letters to just remind us as believers, like, who's your father?
Right?
Let's model him in these different spaces.
So, I mean, in this part of the letter, he's just talking about, um, husband's modeling Christ, like you're sacrificing because this is how Christ sacrificed for the church, kind of leaning to what you were saying.
Um, and so,
That's my there's more to the chapter than just husband and wife is like the first like five right now There's a lot of no there's it goes beyond just husband and wife right husband and wife But in this particular space like we were talking about husband and wives and then watching your words and then you know all of those things like even you know chapter two was like the boss and
like your boss honoring your boss and people in authority, like all of it, like his whole letter is really like we're modeling Christ.
So like that perspective of it is something that just keeps standing out to me like, yeah, a lot of these things is gonna challenge us to grow, but ultimately we wanna be more like Christ.
So.
Yeah, part of the premise of First Peter is you've been born again, so live like it.
And so this chapter is very application heavy for what does it look like to live.
as this new creation.
You've been born again.
Now here's some new ways to live.
And part of that is how you treat your spouse.
Part of that is what you do with your words.
So yeah, good times.
Yeah.
So we've been having a ball on this show as you can tell.
We get real real with you guys, but that's because we love you.
And we want to bring you into our conversation.
So let us know if you've been enjoying the conversation.
And until next time, next week, we'll be diving into chapter four.
If you have any questions, let us know, but watch the message from yesterday from Sunday's message with Pastor Jerry.
It was an amazing message.
Until next time, we love you.